um, one situation comes to mind when I think about unethical decision.
I had to make that stem from U. S s far ship where there was a, um,
a young enlisted, you know, sailor who had come to me one day and told
me about a situation. She was being approached by one of the one
of my fellow duty officers. And hey was making advances on and, uh,
she expressed the ah, you know, her her feelings, that she didn't want
the advances and that she didn't want him to get in trouble and
that he hadn't touched or anything. He was just pushing up on her and
I had done it a few times, and she wanted to bring it to someone's
attention. But he didn't want you. She didn't want to get him in trouble.
So I told her I talked to him and I wanted her to keep me in
the loop. If something were to happen because, you know, I would take
it up the chain of command. So, um, I don't calling him on the ship
phone one day and asked him to come talk to me and s o he proceeded
to do so. And you know, I told him, you know what I had been told
and that he shouldn't do, you know, you know, proceed any further, you
know, to stop it here. And ah, he kind agreed to it and known associate.
Kind of agreed to it s o. I informed my immediate supervisor.
And, you know, we just kind of moved on from there. Well, he proceeded.
Thio continued advances and, you know, I ended up taking it up
the chain of command and sometime later, but the time between I me
initially knowing about it and between me take it up to command had
been about two months, So I ended up getting in a little trouble behind
it and looking back of I don't know if I would handle it any differently
because I felt like I was doing the right thing by handled
it the situation at the lowest level. Ah. Then on the other hand, I
would say that it was a situation where I should have just taken it
up the chain of command immediately, you know, So it's kind of like
a battle with that, even today